and in that day you will say oh Lord
and in that day you will say oh Lord I will praise you though you were angry
I will praise you though you were angry
I will praise you though you were angry with me your anger is turned away and
with me your anger is turned away and
with me your anger is turned away and you comfort me behold god is my
you comfort me behold god is my
you comfort me behold god is my salvation i will trust and not be afraid
salvation i will trust and not be afraid
salvation i will trust and not be afraid for yah the Lord is my strength and song
for yah the Lord is my strength and song
for yah the Lord is my strength and song he also has become my salvation
he also has become my salvation
he also has become my salvation therefore with joy you will draw water
therefore with joy you will draw water
therefore with joy you will draw water from the wells of salvation and in that
from the wells of salvation and in that
from the wells of salvation and in that day you will say praise the Lord call
day you will say praise the Lord call
day you will say praise the Lord call upon his name declare his deeds among
upon his name declare his deeds among
upon his name declare his deeds among the peoples make mention that his name
the peoples make mention that his name
the peoples make mention that his name is exalted
is exalted
is exalted sing to the Lord for he has done
sing to the Lord for he has done
sing to the Lord for he has done excellent things this is known in all
excellent things this is known in all
excellent things this is known in all the earth cry out and shout o inhabitant
the earth cry out and shout o inhabitant
the earth cry out and shout o inhabitant of Zion for great is the Holy One of
of Zion for great is the Holy One of
of Zion for great is the Holy One of Israel in your midst
Israel in your midst
Israel in your midst [Music]